## Version 1.4.0

### ICOc

#### Channel Selection

- ICOc now supports more sensor channels. You can now select one of up to 255 (instead of 8) hardware channels for each of the three measurement channels.
- The CLI interface now uses three options (`-1`, `-2`, `-3`), instead of one option (`-p`), to specify the channel number of each of the three measurement channels.

#### Logging

We replaced our custom logging class in the ICOc command line interface with logging code from the Python standard library. This logging code stores data in the following files:

- `cli.log`: Log messages of ICOc
- `network.log`: Log messages of CAN network class
- `plotter.log`: Log messages of plotter (window process)

By default ICOc only write log messages of level `ERROR` or higher into theses files. To print more detailed output you can use the option `--log` to change the log level. For example, to change the log level to `DEBUG` (or higher) you can use the the following command:

```sh
icoc --log debug
```

The other parts of the code, which use the old `Network` class (e.g. the verification test) do not store the log output in files, but instead use the standard error output (`stdout`). This change should hopefully improve the visibility of important log messages.

### Tests

- The production tests for the hardware (STH, SMH and STU) should now also work on macOS, after you installed the [PCBUSB](https://github.com/mac-can/PCBUSB-Library) library.
- The STH tests now use the correct ADC reference voltage for the ± 40 g acceleration sensor [ADXL356](https://www.analog.com/en/products/adxl356.html?doc=ADXL356-357.pdf).

### Internal

#### Measurement

- Renamed the method `convert_voltage_adc_to_volts` to `convert_to_supply_voltage`
- The method `convert_to_supply_voltage` now supports different reference voltages

#### Network

- The methods to

  - activate (`activate_acceleration_self_test`) and
  - deactivate (`deactivate_acceleration_self_test`)

  the self test of the accelerometer now have a parameter to specify the dimension (`x`, `y` or `z`) for the self test.

- The method to read the acceleration voltage (`read_acceleration_voltage`) now supports two additional parameters to

  - specify the dimension (`x`, `y` or `z`) and
  - the ADC reference voltage.

- The method to read the supply voltage (`read_supply_voltage`) now takes the current reference voltage into consideration
